I buhdeuce yen okay but look so I was
asking you how do you feel about it
because I mean it seems to me you you're
quite upset by and that's understandable
because I think you care a lot about the
vegan cause you care a lot about the
digital veganism but i would ask you you
know what is it what is it you find
upsetting or what is it you're
responding to him right you're exactly
right and you know what and if the
strange thing is is that I care about
Charles Marlow you know what I mean I
don't know why but uh you know I kind of
do and I'm try not to take sides but
it's hard because like um a lot of
things that are said about eyes Wilma
zard you know name good and bad a lot of
it's bad but you know I I'm just
starting to get to know you now and as
far as everything that I know about you
from personal interactions is that
you're a good guy I haven't seen
anything you know that could be proven
that says he or anything but like what
you claim to be not a perfect human
being you can only mean but like
somebody who's intelligent and caring
and try to do things and you know God
cares about the movement and trying to
lead be a leader right and you know is
getting bogged down by this all this
personal you know you know the one thing
with these called politics of personal
destruction really what I mean like
they're trying to destroy you but I
don't exactly know why the things I
think I don't really know you that well
we're just kind of getting to know each
other but that's gonna think nothing
like the thing and for my perspective is
that like front from what I know
personally about you you seem like a
good guy a genuine guy and I haven't
seen any evidence to suggest that you're
guilty of any of the things that people
who said you're guilty of okay now
Charles on the other hand who I do like
and I do care about and who like to me
personally has always treated me with a
lot of respect okay even though like
whatever my youtube channels got you
know what I mean you know whatever not
even two thousand views the only mean I
got like what at forty five
subscribers but he's he oh but he always
did that contributed a lot of respect
and was like one of the first people
that actually
you know like recognize me on social
media maybe we've kind of buddies in
whatever Facebook and think so like I
thought he was a cool guy and the whole
story about him um you know in his
recovery and all that kind of stuff it's
inspiring you know what I mean and his
honesty you know but I thought it was
his honesty about himself and his
struggle his relapsing his he like mean
like I thought he was cool obviously you
know he's like a very like kind of a fun
guy and he's northing well totally look
I for me I like a guy I like anybody who
really works hard and he's working hard
yeah but um basically you know what I'm
trying to say is that like all this
stuff I like you guys both but you I
haven't seen any evidence of anything
untoward but with Charles he's putting
it out there himself saying that it's
about money it's a business you don't
even care about veganism just slandering
durianrider say he's got HIV slandering
you putting out these offensive
pictures you only mean so like I care
about vegan cheetah I you know I wanted
to 68 I wanted to be successful wanted
be happy I wanted to stay out of prison
I wanted to be a good example to picked
up two people but like some of the stuff
is just unacceptable well look I tell
you obviously I'm a lot closer to
Charles and have been for a longer
period of time you've definitely
mentioned one of the big sources of
positive support he's had which is just
that people want to see him succeed and
that is because he was a drug addict you
know he went back after he started his
youtube channel he went back into rehab
not quite prison but you know he was in
rehab in the note of rehab you probably
know i made this video welcoming him
back you know when he got out of rehab
and there was this kind of big broad
public support just wanted him to
succeed just wanting him to be okay
because the background he came from and
you know he's he's struggled with a mix
of kind of positive and negative
motivations in terms of what he's doing
on youtube and why he's doing it he had
a period when he was being a bit more of
a you know social justice warrior when
he was being a bit more left-wing and
talking about intersection ilysm
he's talked about like socialism I
remember having conversations with him I
do not describe myself as a socialist
I'm not socialist and I'm not left-wing
I'm pretty close to the middle of the
political spectrum I remember having
conversations them about that obviously
I mean you guys know I have a podcast up
about it I talked to him about you know
death and the meaning of life after his
mom died and he and I have also talked
about our sex lives it's a fair bit
about that in like our podcasts that's
you know public so to say like it's not
all it's not all private conversation so
we were we were pretty close friends in
that sense and you know yeah on a very
basic level people just wanted to see
him succeed wanted to see him do well
and you know I don't think also in the
past before his channel was huge there's
the positive support wanting them to do
well but also people didn't really have
any you know hard expectations for him
people weren't looking at him and saying
oh like you owe us something you know if
you don't if you don't deliver this for
the vegan community we're disappointed
with you and as soon as you get some
level of success people do look you that
when you yourself traveller you know you
yourself Leonard you may experience that
soon enough like if you're following
grows then people start having these
kind of demands and expectations on you
and you say whoa whoa whoa this is just
something I do in my spare time you know
i'm not i'm not pedda I'm not paid
people with ethical jamel not some huge
institution I'm one guy with a camera
you know trying to do something positive
so you know he came out of in that sense
he had those sort of advantages in terms
of how people regarded in what they
expected from him and you know from my
perspective he's really destroyed that
he's destroyed all the goodwill the
people at the ward him of course you saw
how much goodwill there was towards him
when his channel was very briefly
deleted you know for 30 days or
something his channel was deleted so
again everyone just wanted him to
succeed and we were all kind of biased
we were all kind of overlooking the
negative aspects of what he'd been doing
for that reason just wanting to support
him and at that time of trouble or what
have you um but you know with all that
haven't been said my most recent video
about him just has garbage content in
the title that's a term he used to use
himself he used to say the problem with
freely is that she produces garbage
content which you know it's one of the
problems with freely for sure and you
know today that's basically that's the
most fundamental thing about she
does that he's producing garbage content
I'm looking sorry you said so much it
there's something else I wanted to
respond to I mean I really do understand
why you feel upset might feel round but
many people do you know people who are
my fans when people people who just care
about veganism you know get really upset
with this stuff though the perspective I
see it in though you know is this if you
look at other people have been important
voices and veganism and the struggle
they had to go through just to be known
just to be a known name to be recognized
to have their opinions listen to and
taken seriously often it was decades a
very very hard work with a lot of
suffering and I haven't had to do that
you know so like in two years with in
veganism you know I started with a blog
you guys have recently probably seen
that vogue the vegan mind tricks blog
and then you know I started a YouTube
channel and you know very rapidly I have
become one of the best-known names and I
know you're saying like people make up
lies about me but I'm also one of the
people whose most respected and where
people you know I get fan mail from
people really saying that I've changed
their lives people who deeply appreciate
what I've done and you know talk in
detail about the way in which I've
changed their lives or change their
their philosophy of life for their
worldview or something not every channel
is like that I mean there are channels
that are way more popular than mine but
that don't have that really you know
deep level of connection with the
audience or where it's not you know just
the topics being talked about or not
that deep you know channels that are
just about cooking or food shopping
there's nothing wrong with that but
that's very different from what my role
has been in veganism so you know overall
um you know III can't complain both
short-term and long-term if you look at
okay over two years what have I been
able to make happen you have really set
up a very positive basis for having of
you know very meaningful role in
veganism in ecology and I look at the
next five years and again I only see a
very a basis for something really
positive uh so look you know that
doesn't mean I'm unaware of the negative
aspects of the situation but you know I
think that's maybe the sense in which I
I'm more calm and more relaxed with us
than other people if this had happened
to me back when my channel only had a
hundred viewers maybe I would have just
deleted the channel you know I think a
lot of people
that they get this kind of negative
backlash early on and you know there's
nothing positive in the other side of
the balance so they just get scared out
of youtube or scared out of politics or
what have you but for me I can look at
it and say look even if it's only 2,000
people who care about my channel to me
that's a big number you know it's 2,000
people who really care as 2,000 people
who really appreciate what I do would
have done in the past and the potential
I've got to do slim paused in the future
so from that perspective there's a sense
in which I can't complain right well
yeah and that's I mean I'm glad he
called in when you did because I was
just starting to get it on the subject
you know what I mean and um I'm glad you
feel of the weight that you do and you
know and you're you know and you're not
taking it too personally or two you know
I mean I was shocked and saddened and I
was you know I was really like
disappointed right you know and here i
am doing this rigging marathon sessions
trying to like bring some civility and
then Charles Marlow is just bringing it
to like new lows I totally agree but
this is the other thing that's different
when you're bigger the other thing
that's different is lost is the lost
potential right if somebody with only
200 viewers is doing what Charles did
and they're all there are a ton the
number of channels that are doing
slander and insults like I saw that back
when durianrider first started insulting
me like that that went durianrider first
start insulting me there were people who
just believed what during writer said a
hundred percent so there were all these
channels that were seriously defaming me
like saying you know really terrible
things about me but they you know most
of them only have 200 viewers 500
viewers or something it's it's all a bit
of a joke and I actually wonder how many
of those people have no deleted their
videos and feel ashamed because most of
those people even if they're stupid over
time over a period of four months they
figured out that what during writer was
saying was either a hundred percent Ally
or ninety percent Ally but they figured
out the extent to which they were being
lied to by someone they trusted but like
someone in Charles's position in terms
of having an audience etc
you're not just looking at what they do
as bad you're also looking at it as a
wasted opportunity right it's also like
well think about what you could be doing
for veganism or you know even what you
could be doing for YouTube in a sense
right like you know you know it for me
it's all about veganism but even you
just think about it as a you know a
social media platform to do or say
anything positive to do or say anything
interesting this is something
tremendously negative and as I just had
a video up talking to the fact this
really does have negative impacts on
people's personal lives but aside from
that you are squandering an opportunity
to save the planet help the animals just
helped propel and propound veganism
whatever you want to say about it right
it's squandering a precious opportunity
that thousands of other vegans wish they
had including vegans who are like you
know respectable university professors
or respectable authors there's so many
vegans that nobody has heard of you know
worked for years in like a community
activism or what have you and who will
never have an audience the size of
Charles Marlow so yeah I'll give you one
example now if anyone wants to google
this and you know I'm not I'm not
endorsing this person i'm not saying i'd
agree with her there is a woman named
Doris Lynn so first name Doris and her
last name is just Li n lien Doris Lynn
and if you look up her resume she has
this you know incredibly long list of
causes related to veganism animal rights
environmental protection you know she
brought a lawsuit against the state of
New Jersey challenging the legal basis
for bear hunting you know blah blah blah
you know what if she's she's sort of
toiled for years you know uh and
nobody's I'm not saying this to insult
her compared to someone like vegan
cheetah I can say nobody's ever heard of
her and nobody ever is going to hear of
her you know now what is her perspective
I've looked up a little bit I think she
actually does watch vegan youtubers I
think she actually is one of the many
like more respectable people and
veganism and West ecology who looks at
this stuff with a sense of horror what
have you but you know whether it's the
older generation and younger generation
um I again there's sort of its there's
this whole question of wasted talent
lost opportunities the
voices that gets silenced by this I
think someone like Doris Lynn now I
don't think I have a chance in hell of
having her do an interview on my channel
right like think about that so she's
trying to be a respectable political
leader advocate involved in this stuff
would she be willing to appear on
youtube on the ballast yell show and i
can tell you i know i've never written
her but i have written to several people
who are university professors whose
whole careers are about veganism and
animal rights i never get a reply or
sometimes i get a first reply that's one
sense longer than nothing even though i
can say to them at this point look if
you appear on my channel i can guarantee
you that 2,000 people will hear your
lecture hear what you have to say about
veganism and you know very likely 5,000
people you know it's an interesting
video I'll get five thousand viewers and
they know and I say to them explicitly
if you go to an animal rights conference
maybe only 30 or 50 people are going to
hear the message and it won't change
anything in the world but you know
please consider appearing on my youtube
channel please would consider you know
basically having a skype conversation
and putting it on youtube and you can't
get that to happen now on a deep level
why can't you it partly is because of
cheetah and it partly is because of
people like durianrider and freely it
partly is because the digital vegan
demi-monde has so much dragged the name
through veganism it has dragged the name
of veganism through the mud has made it
something Despicable and laughable but
anyway I was just saying you know in a
sense that that is one of the one of the
prices that we're paying right now in
terms of veganism kind of be having been
made into a circus or a sideshow or a
joke on the internet there are
advantages like people get viewers and a
few people make money like only a few
people make money out of this game
that's another thing to be clear about
but um you know there are disadvantages
also to be sure
was there anything specific you want to
ask me about him I'm cool this is some
great broadcasting here but you really
unfortunately I it can you pass your
eyes all in on the chat room it's so
like and so I can hardly hear you so
it's frustrating because let's do that
what I am getting is actually I feel a
lot better than I did you know II mean
before you call because we were just
touching on the subject yeah and so I
spent like the first half an hour's you
know I mean going over like what we've
accomplished last five days new me
putting in like forty four hours of
broadcasting all these amazing
interviews you know I mean all amazing
people in the chat room you know II mean
like all this stuff like yesterday
we had so many likes we had so many
people dumping likes into this broadcast
we were blowing away vegan cheetah who
had ten times more viewers he said I'm
saying like we we were blowing him away
we had more than twice too many likes
even though he had 10 times the viewers
yeah yeah well that's what you always
have to think about you have to think
about the depth and meaning of the
connection right I mean like a lot of
one of the signs of maturity you have to
understand not all attention is good
attention not all interaction with your
audience is is a meaningful interaction
and you know I mean the other thing I'll
say for my perspective I think I think I
should wrap up this call it's too bad
the audio quality is bad at your end I
have recorded this so i can i can post
this as a little mini podcast or
something you know I really do view
these things in terms of setting up a
basis for the next five years or the
next 30 years of the next or the next 50
years and when you view it in from that
angle again that's one reason why I'm
not too upset about all the lies being
told about me right now people kind of
building a myth mythology around me um
it's better for me that we deal with
this now instead of five years from now
or 10 years from now like okay so the
fake scandals the lies and you know a
lot of it is just fiction being told
about me not the internet the reality of
my life is not that exciting and you
know not everyone's an idiot you have to
appreciate the idiots are the loudest
people on the internet but there are a
lot of people who appreciate what's
going on who realized that certain
people have a very strong motivation to
and they are lying but from my
perspective also I'm really committed to
this cause for the rest of my life so
I've got to say hey okay let's deal with
this now you know I'll see you in five
years what is vegan cheat are going to
be doing in five years and what I mean
is what is he going to be doing for the
vegan movement and I have that question
for other people too what is hey Nia
Kenya mania going to be doing for
veganism in five years yeah i'm not i'm
not saying that at of hatred but let's
be real is he Davis or something what is
easy Davis going to be doing for
veganism in five years a lot of these
people i have no faith are going to be
doing anything positive for the movement
and then the other hand i mean i look at
somebody like you you know I just met
you a few days ago and I do i do have
hope i think you know why not hey this
is somebody who couldn't who could do
something positive this is somebody who
could make a positive and meaningful
contribution to beacon ism and in a
sense almost anyone can you know um
anyone's welcome to try but it certainly
is sad that some of the people who are
most prominent now were the greatest
luminaries our people were i have no
hope at all that they're going to do
anything positive for veganism is move
in next five years and me it as much as
i'm confident that i will or that I'll
at least try i say okay fine let's let's
deal with the rumors now let's deal with
the fake scandals now and then five
years from now you know hopefully I've
built a whole constituency whole public
that trust me and that are able to look
back on that stuff and laugh and i can
make a comparison here in politics you
know Donald Trump think about how many
sex scandals Donald Trump had back in
the 1980s I think those were real sex
scandals you know Donald Trump he was
married to one woman and then there was
this other woman who appeared in Playboy
magazine eventually who was his
girlfriend and then Donald Trump got
divorced it was his whole scandal but
this is decades ago now Donald Trump now
was running for president and nobody is
questioning it sex life they're all
kinds of things to question his politics
I mean don't get me wrong i'm not i'm
not a Donald Trump supporters on my
point my point is just the passage of
time even with a real scandal even with
real questions like that if Donald Trump
had gone through those same scandals now
or in the future it would be a huge
problem for his political career but he
was able to address that early on so in
some ways for me it's actually
advantageous to just did your this now
and say okay five years from now people
year 2021 what's up who's really working
for the cause who's really building a
foundation who's really building a
constancy who's trying to really make
something positive happen locally
nationally internationally on youtube at
City Hall at Parliament whatever hit me
up ah ba new CN